And it's just that, wouldn't this person just personally,
or remember the call of the...
I'm not talking about the call of the...
I'm talking about an article in the face, though.
I did not read that. That's the secret of the writing.
You don't know about it. Yes, I know about it.
And the call of the... I heard here. I did not read that
the secret of the writing. And you didn't know that
that member of the press had it. I did not know that he had it.
I thought that the address...
It's when we did it.
It's when it came... It looked like it clicked in this time.
And ejection? No questions.
And the time engine? No questions.
And the driver? No questions.
It's in clarity. The one has been there.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
Well, getting back to the question then,
at Fort Monmouth, Mr. Cone,
one of the reasons why you called there was to get the
so-called Black Ought Out Order lifted that General Lawton
had placed on all the personnel at Fort Monmouth.
That's correct. That's roughly it, sir.
And that was the first time you had approached the Secretary
or anybody other than General Lawton to get that
Black Ought Out Order lifted. Isn't it?
Isn't that correct?
But the first time I directly had, yes sir.
Or anybody in your office probably didn't know.
No, I think that members of us there had made inquiries out for it, sir.
Well, James Julianne had called on General Lawton
and had been told that he wasn't going to get anything.
Isn't that right? I don't recall, I think.
Well, that is the subject in substance of this memorandum
about October 2nd, is it not?
Let me look at it.
Now, lead it to you. Jim Julianne had been advised by Colonel Allen.
Yeah. He couldn't talk with anyone because of an order by General Lawton
from fitting talks to the McCartney-Cadeys.
It came from Colonel Allen, that's right.
That's right. It was an order of General Lawton, right?
I don't think the order came directly from General Lawton.
The memorandum still states, does it not let it come?
It says because of an order by General Lawton.
Yes, sir.
And the Secretary listed out the telephone and counter-manded that order.
Yes, sir. The way it happened was...
I didn't ask you that. I just asked you if he didn't counter-mandate.
Wasn't a question of counter-manding it, sir. General Lawton.
Can he, Vanny, instruct General Lawton to give you whatever you wanted
that he served with his security regulations?
Well, I don't know what he said, sir. I know that you were there.
Well, yes. I could only hear one end of the conversation.
The Secretary said...
What I heard was this, Mr. Sanclay. You're right. The Secretary said...
Lesson forks to witness. That is perfectly all right.
Then there was a long, long trial.
I mean, three minutes in which General Lawton was doing some talking
and apparently asking the Secretary, well, can I give him this?
Can I tell him that? And when he was finished, I recall Mr. Sanclay.
No, I didn't say that. Don't tell him that. Don't give him that.
Think along those lines.
And Mr. Carr and I look at each other and gather from that.
That's where the beginning of the conversation
sounded pretty good. The end sounded as though we weren't going to get much.
Is that your testimony, Mr. Stone?
Yes, sir. Well, now, the beginning of the memorandum
says that General Lawton wasn't going to give you anything, right?
But General Lawton said it first. General Lawton.
Well, the memorandum speaks for itself.
All right. I thought so too. And the last paragraph of the memorandum
is as follows. Is it not?
I think you should know that Mr. Stevens was very helpful
and certainly indicated that he had no intention of allowing General Lawton
to place his blackouts of Army First and L. Ray,
their responsible contact to the committee.
Yes, that's right. That's a fair statement of what went on, isn't it?
Yes, sir. There's no indication there that the Secretary was being
at all on the cooperative visit. No, the Secretary had said
with reference to talking to witnesses, which is the obstacle we had run into
at that particular moment. And I want to make that very clear.
He said that it was perfectly all right for us to do that.
We told the mother departments that allowed us to,
and he called General Lawton and said, General,
as far as I'm concerned, it's perfectly all right
if they want to cause the people on your post, people will work to.
Now, how do you want to leave it, Mr. Stone?
That the Secretary called on the telephone and then offered cooperation
and took it back, or do you want to leave it?
As this memorandum at least does to me,
that the Secretary was very cooperative.
If you produced the monolith flow, which we bestow, we would know.
Just answer the question. If you produced the monolith flow, which we
is, well, we would know the answer, without any speculation on my part.
All right, so I'm only asking you what your testimony is.
My testimony to you is that Mr. Steven Sista, the General Lawton,
that the General had authority to let us talk to his people.
I have the very strong impression from sitting in that room that there were
other things which General Lawton asked if he could do for us
that Mr. Steven Sista, and he could not do for us.
If you would produce that monolith flow, we would know the answer,
so it's very quickly.
So Mr. Carr says in the memorandum that Mr. Steven Sista was very helpful,
you don't necessarily agree with that.
I'd like to look at the monolith flow first.
Just answer, do you agree with the statement made by Mr. Carr?
Mr. Steven Sista's very helpful.
I am so far as letting us talk to witnesses the answer is yes.
I am so far as what he was keeping from us.
I can't know that, so you show us the monolith at call,
and I can hear what General Lawton was ordered not to give us.
Well, this is a very complicated subject.
I'll pick that up in a minute.
Now, but it's a some important to you and I both realize this is
to just plan the fort mom's investigation started, isn't it?
Well, I know when it started.
You know when it started, right?
Well, you do also know that the Army suspended several employees
in the last week to September, don't you?
I don't know the dates. I certainly take your words out of the thing.
Well, without, I don't know the exact date either,
but there were five six dispensions in the last week to September.
Yes, I think you're right.
That's right.
And so it would be nice if you could say that you started your investigation
to fort mom's investigation, right?
The fact is that we fit there.
I understand, and you bait that on the fact that you interrogated
and hearing and employ you the signal call along out on New York.
No, sir, we do not.
All right.
There are other facts which I'll be glad to tell you about.
We had thought for months that employees long prior to the first dispensions.
Is that right?
Yes, sir, that's right.
Well, then why was it necessary to call upon Secretary Stevens
to get the blackout order, Mr. Litticone?
Because the second time we went back to one of these employees
who had thought for it's really the first time,
he said something had happened, and there was a blackout order
and he was no longer permitted to thought freely to us.
Are you suggesting that General Lotton was first
open with you and then closed the door on you?
I'm suggesting, sir, and it's only my opinion here,
that they were first open with us.
Then something happened, and General Lotton was told
that his people could not thought to us.
And at the second time, we tried to throw up through witnesses
who had been free before they were no longer free,
and then I went down to the airport to see if it's why that happened.
Well, then, event, you want to say to two first stars
to fort mom's investigation on August 30th,
when you interrogated the guard as long as it started long before that.
I understand that you say that you decide
your preliminary investigation in February or March.
That right?
I would say that spring's here, yes.
Well, all right, spring.
But that's something that's not known to the world, is it?
It's a sense of where it means, you're looking for some time
with the chairman.
Because this close examination is to determine whether or not
the committee or someone else would get set up for the suspension
of the bunch of communists, I would be glad to complete
that someone else could get set up for it.
I don't care who gets set up.
I think we should get down to the issues in this case.
I know the chair, Chair, or the board,
is questioning to do this, but if there's any situation
I can make, so we'll come down to start thinking of the plan to make it.
Now, this all seems to be a question of which should get cut it for
getting rid of the 35 individuals of communist records
in the board of mind.
If I don't make this a plain clear half-aid,
if I can get rid of the plan of pressing,
I'll be glad to stipulate that anyone who he will name
can get the credits for the suspension of those individuals
of communist records.
Well, Mr. Cohen, you recognize as I do that in this very room,
the charge has been made that the Army was still elected
in their duty in getting rid of these security risks.
Do you recognize that?
I don't see that.
As a matter of fact, it's been several statements made to the effect
that the Army had ignored FBI warning over a period of years.
Isn't that right?
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm very un-initiated in this surface of the tone,
but I have understood the FBI does not issue documents
entitled quote warning, unquote.
As a matter of fact, they make no evaluations due to these.
I've never seen anything labeled warning when we use that word,
sir, that the FBI sends over a communication to the Army saying,
you have working in secret radar laboratories at Fort Martin,
the New Jersey people on whom we are the following information,
one that they were associates of Adam's five,
two, just Rosenberg, two, that they've been swiping papers.
So on the self-worth, I would consider that a warning, sir.
You would.
Yes, sir, I would.
Well, I would agree with you, but at least it's not entitled
FBI warning.
Is there simply a recital of that?
Yes, sir.
To be evaluated by the recipient.
Now, you learned that you're not doing the course of these hearings,
that Secretary Stevens had requested the FBI to make a full scale
investigation of Fort Monmouth in April of 1953.
I admit to Steven, say that.
And you believe it, don't you?
But say, yes, the FBI did it then?
Yes, yes.
Well, now that has been meant, I would be a matter of what?
Two months after he came into office.
Yes, sir.
Now, let me put it to you.
Do you consider the Secretary Stevens ignored any FBI warnings
and view of that fact?
Mr. Stevens, personally, sir?
Yes.
As long as I can tell you,
whether Mr. Stevens knew about the situation personally,
I certainly cannot in time should say that he ignored warnings.
I would first have to know if they were called to his attention.
Well, now, if he asked the FBI to make a full scale
investigation, that's about the best thing you could do, isn't it?
No, sir, not at that point.
It is.
No, sir.
It's something you would certainly recommend, but, so, doesn't it?
Uh, it seems nothing.
That's the answer, sir.
No, the answer is, you wouldn't recommend it.
Thank you, sir.
That's just not the situation in this case.
Well, if you were the Secretary Army,
and you thought you had a situation at Fort Monmouth,
wouldn't it occur to you that a nice thing to do would be to ask the FBI to investigate it?
The first thing I tried to do was find out if the FBI had already
investigated it and given me sufficient information on which to act.
Which they have done that, writing them another letter and say investigate it again,
probably would mean another way of six months before any action would take it.
Well, some of the information was a little fail, wasn't it, Mr. Cone?
Well, it's very hard to say that information about connections with timing and advise is failed.
Well, in any event, if Mr. Stevens asked the FBI to make a full scale investigation
within a matter of two months from the time he took off,
if you don't think that that was a bad thing to do, do you?
I think, sir, that's probably an unnecessary thing to do with the FBI,
had made such an investigation already and was unrequited about it.
Well, the Army had it, it was packed on the basis of the result.
Well, you!
The poor, the next round of questioning begins and while we go.
I'm going to hit the mouse.
Just one question.
The job of looking for one of the best-for-getting terminus and subversion
just on a state in the North-Arys,
that would include sort of normal,
but normally be the job of C2, the great.
Not that I've heard, so this was a feature responsibility, not an FDR responsibility.
We discussed in June, December,
enough the post report that indicated that C2 was probably badly infiltrated by coming.
Yes, sir.
I'm aware of that.
We had general records before, the head of C2,
and the admittedly new practice was nothing about the cumulative schools and the bedside.
I think that's a very fair characterization of the post-month question.
So, if you may have a very unusual talk here over here,
about the spectacularly arranged,
not people are having a zone in front of them,
FDR, namely D2,
but asking if they had a due,
but should be done by an Army in California.
Yes, sir.
Don't you think that might make a bit of explanation
if the height of an up-conference
is on the television screen,
you have to call upon the FDR,
there is definitely a situation there,
and you're very correct.
This was primarily a keen, silly responsibility,
it should have been handled within the Army,
and I would say that since the matter has been brought out there,
why would an element of trying to pass the box in this case?
I'm sure that there was sufficient information on the basis of what the Army could have taken action
about any further investigation from the FDR.
In other words, this type of signal
got a file, we know there was
professional information in the files,
so immediately they take action against certain individuals
in the thick of radar laboratories,
and from the surface,
it would be easier to be a rather a thorny action
to try to pass the box onto FDI.
I'm a very much, very much in my depth,
very much to see if anything felt new that was being done,
but there's no reason that I'd accept to, again,
hang on with the roof doors,
and if the roof door and any of that
would be over the past 26-29 days,
I think what the roofer showed
was that we were getting awfully
green with a number of people who have been
putting all of their radar-honny foot towels
from the system.
Well, let's just call them now.
I don't like to engage in verbal arguments with the kind of hypothesis
that co-pales with the Hector Hoover are pretty good co-pales to hang on to the right there,
and this is what I can think of none better.
So you don't really condemn the secondary for calling in the FDI,
what monitor can they produce?
I don't know, he called them in.
Well, he testified, he did,
and he said he's the right candidate there,
and I'll give you the face and it's very good on him tomorrow morning.
I didn't know whether he meant it with a personal action
or whether he found a letter written by somebody in his organization
over to the FDI.
And you don't condemn the E2 in the Army for clustering with the FDI, do you?
But, you know very well, I don't condemn anybody.
That's all I've heard.
You did.
I can agree on a few things, and that was one of them.
As a result of every following that action.
I have to stand again to the state.
The law is, point of order, to move a little bit away from the state.
Two of the four pills and three things that are talked about co-operations in G2 and Lee.
Left behind, the thing to me that's in the FDI,
then the overwhelming intelligence repeated reports,
indicating my fourth astronaut's arm and the astronaut's Russians
and the new action has taken until its committee saw hearings.
So that's really Mr. Frank Ferris' idea of co-operations.
It's not my idea of co-operations.
I continue to do that.
Thank you Mr. Gerrard.
You learned also that following the request of the FDI vacate,
first gave investigation to the court,
on the list that the first suspension just went around the middle of August of 1953.
Do you learn that?
I know that on the many aggressive chiefs of minutes,
here they listed one suspension I think, August of 19th.
I don't know any of the details of that suspension.
Well, at least as to that one that's gone,
that was before you interrogated the guy along Island.
That was before we interrogated the guard,
it was after we had to mention the investigation to the court, Mark.
I understand.
Now, the fourth thing in its proper perspective,
you know and I know that the president's eyes and hour
changed the rules of the game in April, do you know?
Yes sir, there was a new executive order.
That's right, and where has before April of 1953,
out to the security risk of a person who resolved his favor to persons,
after that date they resolved his favor to the government.
That's correct?
Oh, sir.
Wait a minute.
Oh, this is your business.
I'm just an interoperator, isn't that true?
It's not quite that simple purpose.
Well, I know it's over-simplified, but it's a sense for that, isn't it?
That's the part of it.
So it will be almost a logical thing to do to review the files of the court,
and the report on them to see if the change to the rules
would require some further suspension.
That's part of that date might not have fit at the bill, isn't that right?
It doesn't even complain about them having been reviewed.
It's not as fact-natured, sir.
You don't have any complaint about secretaries Stephen Hanley and Tom Minas in the Army, do you?
It's a very broad question, it is.
So what do I see if you can ask?
As far as Hanley individual communists or anything along the lines concerned,
I'm sure that the Stephen would think it's to get them out.
The good news is that you were.
I'm sure that's it.
When you get down to the question of the first case and think along those lines,
I feel that Mr. Stephen has probably been imposed on by people who are advising him
that it's smart to keep from this committee the names of the people who are responsible
for the cover-up of the first case.
And I would, on my level, respectfully, get to agree with what has been done there.
Are you, sir?
I'm sure that Mr. Stephen says no use to come.
Thank you for that.
Secretary Stephen told you and the senator in the country that he was finally served names, did you know?
I'm so waiting for him, sir.
I didn't ask you if you're still waiting.
You said he was finally served?
Well, he can stay here for many months, sir.
All right.
And you believe in wanting to have him serve?
Don't you?
I was very much like...
You know, Mr. Jenkins has them.
But they're in the field on for what he can't show them.
You know, Mr. Jenkins' rule is that that case is another case,
and we're not going to try to throw out a case here, don't you?
I tell you, it's the same case.
Well, don't you know that?
Well, if you tell me those names will be made public and we can go into it,
as soon as the investigation here is over, I would be very much pleased.
Well, I wish I had enough authority, because it's a minute I'll have to run to my left.
I'll be right back.
As we know the answer to the judge, but all I want to say is this,
the names have been delivered to the council.
It's just about an hour there.
The council of the Army has an objection to frame Mr. Jenkins' friend,
the...
The government has requested a letter,
whether or not he's hearing his case,
and he's concluded to be able to be released to the public,
to the lady who commits,
and the other person who's been sent to the council to say that they believe
they answer that question yet.
It seems to me very...
I like this letter.
I'm not asking them to make public.
I don't know if it's in the Army,
but do I defend the Army and not have the council to say
the Attorney for the Secretary of the Army?
She has no objection to those that Army are being turned over
to be regular and rough-to-getting committees.
Here is what I can and do say about it.
The envelope containing the names has been turned over to
the council for their commitments.
There is no intention or right-of-notions of what's going
those things.
They're in the hands of the committee.
If and when the committee takes up the investigation of the press case,
it will be for the committee to decide then what they do about the envelope
with the names in their possession.
No, sir.
The statement is there.
Call up a little bit.
Take another good time.
Well, that's the take another good time.
As a time-keep, we're due to give in the start.
We want to discuss that one more question.
You recognize what you've told us as I did that.
If we were to try the first case here, we'd be here for several days.
My very well-being.
Thank you.
Now?
Through the months of October, you held hearings for months.
If you know.
Through the months of October.
Yes, sir.
And through November.
And five December.
Yes.
Now, I think you're you've testified here that in substance,
you had no doubt that the secretary Steven and Mr. Adam
did everything they could in substance to get you to stop that investigate.
Is that right?
They wanted us to stop this.
Well, they wanted you to stop it.
They expressed that desire to you.
Did they know that you're testimony?
It is, sir.
And did they do anything about getting you to stop it?
They have to stop it.
Well, I think you went further than that.
As you had told, you said they started to break candles
and do everything else.
You get you to stop, is that right?
I think that the action taken with respect to General Lawton
certainly was not designed to encourage us in our investigation.
And the lawman, this is the act that Mr. Adam and Mr. Steven
did to try to get you to stop.
Is that right?
Yes, sir.
Are you sure about it?
What time's time for my mind?
I'm thinking of a few things, sir.
Now, just a few things?
Yes.
Well, then that effort was very...
Praise, what are they, Mr. Stone?
Sorry, ask me to characterize Mr. Frank,
where I can tell you well.
Now you say just a few things that they did, is that right?
Yes, sir.
Well, any act that they did to get you to stop the hearings
and for monoliths would be an act of uncooperation with you, wouldn't it?
I think that's a foretry of support.
But if they tried to get you to stop the investigation,
they certainly were not cooperating with you, wouldn't it?
I don't think that was followed, sir.
If they tried to get us to stop, we wouldn't have had anyway.
It didn't mean that they were telling us
information from us if we went ahead.
Well, if they tried to get you to stop and took action,
to get you to stop, you mean to say that that's consistent?
Was cooperating with you?
No, I'm saying this, Mr. Frank,
where that...
If they tried to get us to stop, if we told them we couldn't stop,
we were going ahead.
The action's trying to get us to stop,
but not pre-close them from cooperating with us as we did go ahead.
Well, do you mean to say that in one moment they'll try to stop you
and then they lose, and so then they go ahead and be nice to you for a while,
and they try to stop you again and they lose, and then be nice to you for a while, is that it?
So even when they were trying to get us to stop,
at the beginning, certainly, they were not unnights about it.
Well, what?
Let's go and let's see if we can do this rather simply.
Can you tell me whether or not Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams cooperated with you at court moments?
Oh, if they may have sent you out, if they may have sent you out.
So if they may have sent you out, is that right?
That's right.
Well, now Mr. Stone...
I know it's an exercise, but no, there's no question.
Some explain, they said it's a lot better.
No, there's no question Mr. Stone.
And I said, no, there's no question, please.
Well, I wanted to say this, Mr. Stankley.
I know what you want to say.
I might complete my answer, I think that's not only here, but on other occasions in the past,
I have said for the record, and for all the records that we went through with the investigation,
we had received cooperation from Mr. Stevens and on occasions, even from Mr. Adams.
It's not about that.
Well, now what is it? Did they cooperate or didn't they, Mr. Stone?
They certainly cooperated with us with some extent, so there's no doubt about it.
To some extent?
Yes, sir.
They didn't give you the 100% cooperation, is that it?
No, I would say if you'd compare it to the government printing office.
No, no, it was not 100%.
Ah, now to some extent they did cooperate.
That's the way you want to put it.
Yes, sir.
I think, and I said, when you were speaking through the record, on December the 8th, 1953,
you put no limitations on the fact that they cooperated with you.
You're even married with what I'm talking about.
I know, sir.
I think so.
I have a lot of media.
I think that Mr. Stevens read into the record here.
The statement I sent in the McCarthy and possibly won by me in which we did at a public session
and it's the beginning or at the end that we were sure Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevens were cooperating
and wanted to cooperate with us.
Well, you met what you said then, didn't you, Mr. Stone?
Sure.
You had no reservations when you said it did you?
This was important.
This gets public, doesn't it?
Yes, I got public, sir.
Well, this is important, isn't it?
The document I have here, I better look at that.
If December the 8th, it's the public record, the Army table card is the version that's been on here.
I think that was today, Darren Coleman.
Do you have a service in the Army?
The decals?
The families of this Army have a service.
You are the part of that time, not in questioning that's called, but in making your statement.
The whole day to go to the second Army, delivered to me, they sealed on the low,
containing certain information that has been requested of you and contains.
The first place Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, the information contained in that envelope,
would ship no light on other issues with this controversy,
would not be germane to the anxiety to now be conducted.
In the second place, Mr. Chairman, it is a confidential communication, containing information about which Mr. St. Clair has just questioned the witness,
or about with some reference was made.
In the next place, Mr. Chairman, I am not cared for confidential information.
From at least more than one occasion here to four, I have made an attempt to completely confirm the specificity of my self from this document.
I see no point in whatever in it remaining in my custody of any further.
I have no intention of whatever of making this deal on the low.
I hear and now publicly do that, to send this envelope back to the Army
to the person who had missed the well, and I ask the permission of the chairman of the committee to be allowed to do so, I see no reason why I should be only waiting for further.
By being required to continue to keep in my possession a document that is properly never at any time given to nobody,
whatever in particular in this in place, and Mr. Chairman, I respectfully and kindly request the committee to now permit me to do so.
I am sure that he cannot oblige his distinguished friends and kind of see that document was intended for the committee in response to every request by one of the committee members of one of the principals of that in this discovery home.
We are very happy to know that you still have it, the unbroken steel, we have kept the things that we have shown you the committee in response to.
Thank you, we have the cake.
Other than that you have no comments, I have no questions.
I have a chair, no pass, that is going to come.
Can you stand my leg? Can you stand my leg? Can you stand my leg?
Just one of your questions.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, I have been here for about the attempt to follow up the hearing and the press for the coming of an authoritarian defense plan of an out of line.
There is no question in any of these lines, I guess, but Mr. Cohn, Mr. Adam was successful.
That is why I shouldn't finish Mr. Cohn, Mr. Adam, appears now that Mr. Cohn made a morning swap or eight foot from the head.
We thought it was right here.
We didn't have that party for any of the things, but there is no question about the fact that somebody has succeeded in following up the exposure of Communists in the military.
We didn't have that in the military and we didn't have that plan.
So that regardless of what the efforts were, as of the day to day, as of this day of June, the efforts are full for a number of weeks.
Yes, sir, it's not out of line.
In here, Mr. Cohn, we've safely found Mr. Cohn and he had just to see you loving the record.
I don't think the time of the committee to read it doesn't what she says in a fact.
There's really nothing to this.
All this talk about the Cohn's trying to fair.
In view of that, there isn't much doubt about this there, but I thought that has been a small practice upon the members of the committee from getting out to sit here and investigate a charge made there so after the man making the charge said there's really nothing to it.
Now, Mr. Cohn, you've asked me about cooperation to the court.
It's important the answer to the Adam Stevens charge that we did get, but it would be rather good cooperation.
The individual communist, but got absolutely no cooperation, complete opposition, when we started to explore the tragic forms, those were responsible for the clearance of those individual comments.
That's right.
Here could be a little call vote.
Care was suggested since the Dalmat's fire, but how can he have ended the recess to go there and stay recessed until 10 o'clock and we'll travel to the human's room to find the right to give a man the share of this one up.